---
layout: post
title: Curriculum Vitae
permalink: cv.html
hide: true
---

h2. Education

*Princeton University*, Princeton, NJ, +September 2008 - June 2012+
_B.S.E. Computer Science_
Relevant Coursework: Operating Systems, Programming Systems, Theory of Algorithims, Algorithms and Data Structures, Computer Graphics, Computer Networks, Programming Languages, Reasoning about Compution, Logic Design, Probability and Stochastic Systems, Optimization, Advanced Microeconomic Theory

*Stony Brook University*, Stony Brook, NY, +June 2009 - July 2009+
Relevant Coursework: Artificial Intellegence, Survey of Probability and Statistics

*Commack High School*, Commack, NY, +September 2004 - June 2008+
_IB Diploma Recipient_
Honors: Top Cohort, National Honor Society

h2. Selected Experience

*Princeton Computer Science*, Princeton, NJ, +January 2010 – Present+
_Laboratory Teaching Assistant_
* Teach computer science principles such as algorithms and data structures in addition to proper programming techniques such as modular programming, programming style, testing, and debugging.
* Answer questions from over 300 undergraduate CS students among three classes.
* Aid students in understanding and completing their assignments.

*Facebook*, Palo Alto, CA, +May 2011 – August 2011+
_Software Engineering Intern_
* Increased revenue and new payer conversion rates through the credits payment flows.
* Improved the payment flows to show the optimal presentation of payment options for each user.
* Built an internal tool that enables customization of the presentation of payment options by region.

*10Gen (MongoDB)*, New York, NY, +May 2010 – August 2010+
_Software Engineering Intern_
* Led the development on each project I was assigned to as the sole company intern.
* Improved and maintained MongoDB’s C driver to support the database’s file-­‐system specification.
* Created an Nginx web-­‐server module that quickly serves files by utilizing the C driver I worked on.
(MongoDB and related projects are open-­‐source. View my work at github.com/ctriolo.)

*hackNY*, New York, NY, +May 2010 – June 2010+
_2010 hackNY Fellow_
* One of twelve students mentored to be the next generation of technology innovators in New York.
* Attended seminars on various topics of high tech entrepreneurship such as software development, data
analysis, small company management, pivoting, and venture capital investing.
* Participated in NYC’s vibrant tech community by attending meet-­‐ups and hack-­‐a-­‐thons.

h2. University Activities

*ACM Student Chapter*, Vice President, Former Treasurer and Secretary, _September 2010 – Present_
*Entrepreneurship Club*, Member, _October 2009 – Present_
*Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers*, Member, _September 2009 – Present_
*Princeton Tae Kwon Do*, Member, _September 2008 – May 2010_

h2. Skills

Strong proficiency in C, Java, and x86 Assembly. Working knowledge of C++, Coq, OCaml, PHP, Python, and Verilog. Comfortable in a Linux environment (worked extensively in POSIX). Wrote essential pieces of an operating system.